Execution of archive saver on unc.edu_OV.H-miRNA_8x15Kv2.mage-tab.1.1.0 failed with 144 errors:
I'm Late! I'm Late!
The White Rabbit is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. He appears at the very beginning of the book wearing a waistcoat and muttering, "Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late!" Do you ever feel like the White Rabbit?  Are you always rushing from place to place, but finding out that you missed a step along the way?  Wouldn’t having a schedule come in handy right about now?
Think of a schedule as a box of wood blocks.  If you have a so many wood blocks that you can’t fit them all into their box, you have two choices: get a bigger box, or remove some blocks. You can’t just shrink the blocks, and by pretending that you can, you merely deprive yourself of a useful opportunity to actually “see into the future.”  If you want to ship your product in six months, but you know it will take 12 months to produce, you are either going to have to delay shipping, or find some features to delete.
It may seem counterintuitive, but one of the great benefits of schedules is that you may be forced to delete features. Why is this good? Well, suppose you have two features in mind for your product. One is useful and will make your product great. The other is easy and the programmers can’t wait to code it up, but it serves no useful purpose. If you don’t make a schedule, the programmers will do the easy feature first. Then they may run out of time, and you will have no choice but to throw the schedule out the window in order to complete the useful feature.
If you do make a schedule, even before you start working, you’ll realize that you have to cut something, so you’ll cut the easy/fun feature and just do the useful/important feature. By forcing yourself to choose some features to cut, you wind up making a better product with a better mix of good features that ships on time (or sooner!).  Realistic schedules are the key to creating great products. It forces you to do the best features first and allows you to make the right decisions about what to build.
Here are a few recommendations to help create your schedule: Scheduling is best done on a regular basis (e.g., at the start of every week). Go through the following steps in preparing your schedule:
1.	Start by identifying the time you want to make available for your work. This will depend on the design of your job and on your personal goals in life.
2.	Next, block in the actions you absolutely must take to do a good job. These will often be the things you are assessed against.

For example, if you manage people, then you must make time available for coaching, supervision and dealing with issues that arise. Similarly, you must allow time to communicate with your boss and key people around you.
3.	Review your To Do List, and schedule in the high-priority, urgent activities, as well as the essential maintenance tasks that cannot be delegated and cannot be avoided.
4.	Next, block in appropriate contingency time. You will learn how much of this you need by experience. Normally, the more unpredictable your job, the more contingency time you need. The reality is that you may be faced with constant interruption – studies show that, on average, many managers get as little as six minutes of uninterrupted work done at a time.

Obviously, you won’t be able to tell when interruptions will occur. However, by leaving space in your schedule, you give yourself the flexibility to rearrange your schedule to react to urgent issues.
5.	What you now have left is your discretionary time – the time available to deliver your priorities and achieve your goals. Review your Prioritized To Do List and personal goals, evaluate the time needed to achieve these actions, and add them to your schedule.
By the time you reach step five, you may find that you have little or no discretionary time available. If this is the case, then revisit the assumptions you used in the first four steps. Question whether things are absolutely necessary, whether they can be delegated, or whether they can be done in an abbreviated way.
The key to not panicking is to look at the big projects as many little projects, so as to make it seem less intimidating.  By doing so, you’ll minimize stress, which will make completing the project much easier. If these tips are taken to heart, there should be no problem finishing a project on time, on budget and with as little stress as possible. Otherwise, you’ll be as late as the White Rabbit, and your boss will be as mad as the Mad Hatter.
